# Create-KREST (Create Simple APIs in seconds)

Create-KREST is a command-line tool that helps you quickly scaffold a simple REST API project. Whether you're starting a new project or prototyping an idea, Create-KREST provides you with the essentials to kickstart your development process.

### Installation 
To use Create-KREST, you need to have Node.js installed. You can install the package globally via npm using the following command:
```bash
$ npm install -g create-krest
```

### Usage
Once the package is installed, you can run the Create-KREST CLI using the create-simple-api command:
```
$ create-krest
```
***Alternate way***
- To direclty install and use Create-KREST run
```
$ npx create-krest
```

### Questions
During the setup process, Create-KREST will ask you a series of questions to configure your API project:

**Select a variant to create API:**
- Basic CRUD 
- CRUD + JWT Auth 
- CRUD + MongoDB Database 
- CRUD + MongoDB Database + JWT Auth 

### Current Features
- Sample API endpoints to jumpstart your development.
- Easily integrate JWT (JSON Web Token) authentication middleware for secure API access.
- MongoDB integration for easy database connectivity.
- Customizable templates for different features to suit your project's needs.

### Project Structure
The project structure generated by Create-KREST will include the following directories and files:
```bash
server/
├── controllers/
│   └── todo.controllers.js                    # Main API controller
│
├── db/
│   └── index.js
│
├── middlewares/
│   └── auth.middlewares.js
│
├── models/
│   └── user.models.js          
│
├── routes/
│   └── todo.routes.js                        # Main API routes
│
├── config.js                                 # Configuration file
├── .env.example                              # change name to .env and add variables
├── .gitignore                 
└── package.json            
```

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you find any bugs or have suggestions for new features, please open an issue.

### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

### Acknowledgments
Create-KREST is inspired by the need for a simple and efficient way to start building REST APIs. Special thanks to the developers of "commander" and "inquirer" for their excellent packages.

***Thank you for using Create-KREST! If you encounter any issues or have any questions, please don't hesitate to reach out. Happy coding!***
